libm-tests/conversion.c --benchmark-name=conversion_test

libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=acosf_test --benchmark-name=acosf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.acos.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=acoshf_test --benchmark-name=acoshf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.acosh.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=asinf_test --benchmark-name=asinf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.asin.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=asinhf_test --benchmark-name=asinhf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.asinh.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=atan2f_test --benchmark-name=atan2f --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.atan2.xml --max-ulp=1
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=atanf_test --benchmark-name=atanf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.atan.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=atanhf_test --benchmark-name=atanhf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.atanh.xml --max-ulp=1
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=cbrtf_test --benchmark-name=cbrtf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.cbrt.xml --max-ulp=1
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=ceilf_test --benchmark-name=ceilf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.ceil.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=copysignf_test --benchmark-name=copysignf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.copysign.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=cosf_test --benchmark-name=cosf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.cos.xml --max-ulp=1
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=coshf_test --benchmark-name=coshf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.cosh.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=erfcf_test --benchmark-name=erfcf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.erfc.xml --max-ulp=1
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=erff_test --benchmark-name=erff --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.erf.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=expf_test --benchmark-name=expf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.exp.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=expm1f_test --benchmark-name=expm1f --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.expm1.xml --max-ulp=1
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=fabsf_test --benchmark-name=fabsf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.fabs.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=floorf_test --benchmark-name=floorf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.floor.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=fmodf_test --benchmark-name=fmodf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.fmod.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=fpclassify_test --benchmark-name=fpclassifyf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.fpclassify.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=frexpf_test --benchmark-name=frexpf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.frexp.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=gammaf_test --benchmark-name=gammaf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.gamma.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=hypotf_test --benchmark-name=hypotf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.hypot.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=ilogbf_test --benchmark-name=ilogbf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.ilogb.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=isfinite_test --benchmark-name=isfinitef --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.isfinite.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=isnormal_test --benchmark-name=isnormalf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.isnormal.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=ldexpf_test --benchmark-name=ldexpf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.ldexp.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=lgammaf_test --benchmark-name=lgammaf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.lgamma.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=log10f_test --benchmark-name=log10f --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.log10.xml --max-ulp=2
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=log1pf_test --benchmark-name=log1pf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.log1p.xml --max-ulp=1
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=logbf_test --benchmark-name=logbf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.logb.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=logf_test --benchmark-name=logf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.log.xml --max-ulp=1
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=modff_test --benchmark-name=modff --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.modf.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=powf_test --benchmark-name=powf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.pow.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=remainderf_test --benchmark-name=remainderf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.remainder.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=rintf_test --benchmark-name=rintf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.rint.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=scalbf_test --benchmark-name=scalbf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.scalb.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=scalbnf_test --benchmark-name=scalbnf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.scalbn.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=signbit_test --benchmark-name=signbitf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.signbit.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=significandf_test --benchmark-name=significandf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.significand.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=sincosf_test --benchmark-name=sincosf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.sincos.xml --max-ulp=1
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=sinf_test --benchmark-name=sinf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.sin.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=sinhf_test --benchmark-name=sinhf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.sinh.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=sqrtf_test --benchmark-name=sqrtf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.sqrt.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=tanf_test --benchmark-name=tanf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.tan.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=tanhf_test --benchmark-name=tanhf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.tanh.xml
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=tgammaf_test --benchmark-name=tgammaf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.tgamma.xml --max-ulp=2

libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=acos_test --benchmark-name=acos --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.acos.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=acosh_test --benchmark-name=acosh --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.acosh.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=asin_test --benchmark-name=asin --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.asin.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=asinh_test --benchmark-name=asinh --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.asinh.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=atan2_test --benchmark-name=atan2 --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.atan2.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=atan_test --benchmark-name=atan --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.atan.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=atanh_test --benchmark-name=atanh --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.atanh.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=cbrt_test --benchmark-name=cbrt --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.cbrt.xml --max-ulp=1
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=ceil_test --benchmark-name=ceil --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.ceil.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=copysign_test --benchmark-name=copysign --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.copysign.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=cos_test --benchmark-name=cos --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.cos.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=cosh_test --benchmark-name=cosh --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.cosh.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=erf_test --benchmark-name=erf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.erf.xml --max-ulp=1
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=erfc_test --benchmark-name=erfc --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.erfc.xml --max-ulp=1
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=exp_test --benchmark-name=exp --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.exp.xml --max-ulp=1
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=expm1_test --benchmark-name=expm1 --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.expm1.xml --max-ulp=1
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=fabs_test --benchmark-name=fabs --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.fabs.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=floor_test --benchmark-name=floor --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.floor.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=fmod_test --benchmark-name=fmod --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.fmod.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=fpclassify_test --benchmark-name=fpclassify --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.fpclassify.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=frexp_test --benchmark-name=frexp --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.frexp.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=gamma_test --benchmark-name=gamma --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.gamma.xml --max-ulp=1
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=hypot_test --benchmark-name=hypot --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.hypot.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=ilogb_test --benchmark-name=ilogb --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.ilogb.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=isfinite_test --benchmark-name=isfinite --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.isfinite.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=isnormal_test --benchmark-name=isnormal --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.isnormal.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=ldexp_test --benchmark-name=ldexp --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.ldexp.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=lgamma_test --benchmark-name=lgamma --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.lgamma.xml --max-ulp=1
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=log10_test --benchmark-name=log10 --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.log10.xml --max-ulp=1
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=log1p_test --benchmark-name=log1p --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.log1p.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=log_test --benchmark-name=log --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.log.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=logb_test --benchmark-name=logb --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.logb.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=modf_test --benchmark-name=modf --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.modf.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=pow_test --benchmark-name=pow --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.pow.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=remainder_test --benchmark-name=remainder --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.remainder.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=rint_test --benchmark-name=rint --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.rint.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=scalb_test --benchmark-name=scalb --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.scalb.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=scalbn_test --benchmark-name=scalbn --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.scalbn.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=signbit_test --benchmark-name=signbit --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.signbit.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=significand_test --benchmark-name=significand --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.significand.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=sin_test --benchmark-name=sin --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.sin.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=sincos_test --benchmark-name=sincos --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.sincos.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=sinh_test --benchmark-name=sinh --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.sinh.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=sqrt_test --benchmark-name=sqrt --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.sqrt.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=tan_test --benchmark-name=tan --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.tan.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=tanh_test --benchmark-name=tanh --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.tanh.xml
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=tgamma_test --benchmark-name=tgamma --generate-tb=BENCHMARKS_ROOT/libm-tests/test.tgamma.xml
